(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Shay)
The sooner we start,
the sooner I'll finish you off
and the sooner I can
go after Duel Academy!
(Crow)
Hope you have a plan B,
'cause I ain't losin'.
(Shay and Crow)
Let's Duel!
(Yuya)
What's this plan
you were talking about?
And why am I involved?
Very soon, I will rule
over this city.
In fact, I have already
begun to take control.
Declan!
Riley! You rat!
Your friends
are safe for now.
I promise no harm
will come to them.
But that guarantee
requires your cooperation.
(Shay)
Go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Rise up,
Raidraptor Blaze Falcon!
Attack Crow directly!
Huh?
(screaming)
(Melissa)
Crow better pick up
his game quick
or his Duel Runnin' days
are over.
(Jean Michel Roget)
I was sent here by Duel Academy
to prepare this city
for invasion.
But while I carried out
my mission,
I began to love
this world and its people.
Join forces with me, Yuya, and
together we will rule this city.
♪
♪ Hey hey
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Melissa)
Check it out, duel fans!
Crow's got the lead,
but Shay's got a Falcon
lookin' to swoop on in
and change that
since all o' Crows cards
have done gone 'n' flown the
coop.
Crow's got
some work to do!
You may think I'm down and out
but you better watch out,
'cause I'm gonna ground you!
Bring it on!
And after I get through
with you,
I'm takin' out anyone else
who dares get in my way!
There's one small problem with
your plan. You can't beat me!
So, good luck, Shay!
(excited chatter)
Yeah, you tell 'em, Crow!
You show 'im
who's the boss, Crow!
Or better yet,
lemme at 'im!
Watch out,
you can't fly!
Beat 'im, Crow!
Move aside, slowpoke!
That Action Card's mine!
We'll see about that!
When there are no monsters
out on my field,
I can summon Blackwing Gofu
The Vague Shadow!
If you thought
getting that Action Card
was gonna be a breeze,
you were half right!
Missed it.
When I summon Blackwing
Gofu The Vague Shadow,
I can also summon two Vague
Shadow Tokens in attack mode!
And I'm puttin' 'em to use
right away!
I tune Gofu The Vague Shadow
with my two Shadow Tokens!
FYI, Gofu The Vague Shadow
lets me Synchro Summon a monster
from my graveyard
instead of from my deck!
From the graveyard?
Watch as my monsters
unite to fight!
I...
Synchro Summon!
Return to the fray,
Assault Blackwing Raikiri
The Rain Shower!
Gee whiz!
This grave robbin' move
has Crow back in
the driver's seat!
Listen up, Topsiders,
your time at the top
is coming to an end
'cause just like
my monster,
no matter how many times
you push us Commons downor
try to get rid of us,
you'll neverkeep
us down forever.
We'll always bounce back
and fightfor what
we believe in!
None of your speeches are gonna
save you from my attack.
The onslaught's coming!
You will join forces
with me, correct?
No. No way.
But why?
If your goal is to
stop Duel Academy,
who can be more helpful
than someone from their world,
someone who knows
their ins‐and‐outs?
I don't need you.
Really? So, who are
you going to turn to?
Surely not the High Council?
That bunch of
doddering old fools
aren't in a position
to even help themselves.
All thanks to you!
That's right, Yuya.
If I did not act and take
matters into my own hands,
it would have been
too late for all of us.
The High Council
can barely decide
what to eat without debate.
Time is of the essence.
You must be aware
that Duel Academy
could strike at any moment since
I can't find Dennis MacField.
(gasping)
His cover was blown, so I
sent him back to Duel Academy.
Sora sent him back
to the Fusion Dimension,
so Dennis probably told them
that Zuzu and Celina are here.
I would guess yes.
Don't you find it a little
interesting that Sora
would allow Dennis
to go back to Duel Academy?
Why would he do such a thing?
If you're tryin' to say
that Sora and Dennis are working
together, you're wrong!
Sora's my friend!
But wasn't Dennis
your friend too?
They're Fusion Warriors trained
by the Professor at Duel Academy
to be ruthless machines
who follows orders!
Zuzu!
Uh‐oh.
Where'd she run off to?
I never shoulda
let her out o' my sight!
This whole place is plastered
with security stiffs!
If they find Zuzu,
we're in trouble!
With a capital
T, R, O, U, B, L, E!
(gasping)
(Frankie and Amanda)
Hi, Crow!
Oh, no!
Those jackals
could get hurt up there!
Oh, boy!
Nice job!
No climbing!
Stay on the attack!
(screaming)
Zuzu!
She's all right!
It's time to
make it rain with pain!
Whoa, time out!
Time out?
We need to put the brakes
on this duel!
You wanna give up,
feel free, but I'm no quitter!
Raikiri, let's get back
t' the business at hand.
Use your special ability
to destroy his monster!
Take out Blaze Falcon!
Why won't you listen to me?
I activate the trap
Raidraptor Reversal!
Not only does this trap card
protect my Blaze Falcon
from Raikiri's special
ability, it also lets me draw!
Crow almost de‐feathered
Shay's Falcon! Huh?
Wait. Why is our kidsome
missing a kid?
Beats me.
Maybe he ditched us
for some donuts?
And your friend, Zuzu.
If you want to protect her
and Celina,
then it's in your best
interest to team with me.
Under my watchful eye, I will
keep them out of harm's way
and Duel Academy's reach.
What do you mean,
keep an eye on them?
You're gonna lock them up?
Strictly as a precautionary
measure, of course.
But they'll be well taken
care of. You have my word.
Your word is worthless.
That stings, Yuya.
The fact that you distrust
me so is of great concern.
Why is it that you
don't believe me?
'Cause you've done nothing
to earn my trust, Roget.
You hunted me
and my friends down.
You locked us up
when all we want to do
is stop this interdimensional
war from happening,
and I'm still gonna stop it,
even if I have to do it
with my own two hands!
I regret my earlier actions,
but I had to be certain
of your intentions.
You and I are on
the same page, Yuya.
If you can use your talents
to end this crisis peacefully,
I will be very happy.
You must believe in me, Yuya, or
else there is no moving forward.
I'm giving my Raikiri an
upgrade that's gonna take you
down!
I equip Sky Excalibur
on Raikiri!
So now my Blackwing gains
an extra 400 attack points!
Just listen to me.
Don't attack!
That's not gonna happen!
Raikiri,
take out Blaze Falcon!
Shay was on cruise
controlfor a while,
but Crowturned
this duel around
quick enoughto make
your head spin!
If he won't listen,
I'll have to make him listen!
I activate the spell card
Rank‐Up‐Magic Raptor's Force!
It brings
my Blaze Falcon back!
Then I overlay
Raidraptor Blaze Falcon
to Xyz Summon a Raid Raptor
that's one Rank higher!
I wonder what
it's gonna be?
Fiercest falcon,
set your wings ablaze
and lock your gaze
on our ill‐fated foe!
Now, make it so!
Go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Emerge, Raidraptor
Revolution Falcon!
If you're not going to
let me pause this duel,
then I have to end it now
before things get worse.
Raidraptor Revolution Falcon's
special ability
activates destroying your
monster, and dealing you damage
equal to half of Raikiri The
Rain Shower's attack points.
Your Falcon's blasts
didn't do any damage at all!
You can't mess with Raikiri
as long as Sky Excalibur
is in its hands!
Stop before it's too late!
(alarmed cries)
Terron, no!
(Melissa)Some kid's gettin'
a piggyback from Crow's
monster!
This ain't no
amusement park ride!
That boy needs help!
Terron must've
fallen on its back!
(alarmed cries)
I need a parachute!
They're in a
dillyof a pickle!
Once the duelin' starts,
their Duel Runnersare
stuck on autopilot!
You're gonna be
all right, Terron!
Just don't let go!
(alarmed cries)
I said, don't let go!
Don't worry, Terron!
I'll catch you!
Uhh! Can't hold on!
(screaming)
Terron!
Gotcha!
Huh?
I thought
I was a goner.
Not this time.
Crow's gonna
ground you for a week!
That's prob'ly better that
all this flying around he just
did.
(all gasping)
So long, Shay!
That was fun!
That was amazing.
(thinking) I can't believe
he was able to save Terron!
I totally woulda been a pancake
if it wasn't for Shay.
Y' know,
he's not that scary.
Really?
I can't believe
he helped.
Maybe we read him
all wrong.
I think that way deep down,
he's a lot like Crow!
He likes to act tough and rough,
but it's all for show.
On the inside, he's as warm
and fuzzy as a baby chick.
Sorry I didn't get
what you were drivin' at.
Thought you were
messin' around.
Thanks for savin'
the little jackal.
You don't have to
thank me, Crow.
I only did
what needed to be done.
Just like I need to
take down Duel Academy
and you need to
take down the Topsiders.
Huh! I guess even though
we have different enemies,
we're sort o' fighting
for the same thing.
Good luck trying to take down
all of those Duel Academy thugs.
It doesn't sound
like it's gonna be easy.
You could say the same thing
about you and the Commons
trying to change things
in this dimension.
Yeah. I guess we both
have our work cut out for us.
That we do!
Okay, let's out
the pedal to the metal!
Shay, no holding back!
I wouldn't think of it!
(Melissa)
Talk about excitement!
I still can't believe how
thatboy hopped on a monster's
back
like he was rodeo rider!
But that buckin' bronco
ain't puttin' a kibosh on
this duel!
It's my move!
I activate the spell
Rank‐Up‐Magic Skip Force
I overlay
Raidraptor Revolution Falcon
to Xyz Summon a Raidraptor
that's two Ranks higher!
How remarkable!
When Shay ranks up a Monster,
he doesn't mess around!
When you've seen as much
real combat as I have,
you learn one thing. If you
want to stay in the game,
you have to keep
pushing to the edge!
Go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
You're cleared for takeoff,
Raidraptor Satellite
Cannon Falcon!
That Falcon's attack
pointsare in an orbit of their
own!
Not bad, Shay, but not good
enough to take out my Raikiri!
But there's more to come.
More of what?
This!
By sending Rank‐Up‐Magic
Raid Force to my graveyard,
I can add
the Rank‐Up‐Magic Skip Force
that's in my graveyard
to my hand!
Then I'll activate
Rank‐Up‐Magic Skip Force
to put my next move
in motion.
I overlay Satellite
Cannon Falcon
to build
the Overlay Network!
You've seen my Blaze,
Revolution,
and Satellite Falcons,
but now you're going to witness
the next evolutionary step
in my aerial arsenal!
Go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Rise up, Raidraptor
Ultimate Falcon!
I activate Ultimate Falcon's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Ultimate Falcon
negates the effects
of all cards
and lowers their attack
points by 1,000!
It's go time!
Ultimate Falcon take to the
skies and take out Raikiri!
Broadside Barrage!
(all)
Huh?
This is intense!
Best duel ever!
I have to admit,
I didn't think
you'd have enough firepower
t' take out Raikiri.
But because you did, I have
to send it to my Extra Deck.
Well,
that's good news for me,
because now that you don't have
any monsters on your field,
Ultimate Falcon's
special ability kicks in
and you lose
1,000 life points,
and that means
that you lose the duel!
Crow better have a
quickresponse or he's
hist'ry!
When you blasted Raikiri,
Sky Excalibur
was sent to my graveyard,
but I can still
draw from its power!
I can bring back
a blast from the past
and summon a Tuner Monster
from my graveyard.
Welcome back,
Oroshi The Squall!
That bird can't save you,
because Ultimate Falcon
renders it useless!
Just accept that it's over!
(Melissa)
It looks like Shay
is right!
Crow is still
hangin' on by his talons,
but his Oroshi doesn't
stand achance against Ultimate
Falcon!
Plus, he's all out o'
spell and trap cards!
For Crow
to pull off an upset,
first he'll have t'
pull off a miracle!
Oh, I will!
I draw!
Now we're talkin'!
Since there's a Blackwing
already on my field,
I can summon Blackwing
Bora The Spear!
Oroshi The Squall
tunes Bora The Spear!
I Synchro Summon
Assault Blackwing
Sohaya The Rain Storm!
And when I summon this
awesome bird to my side,
I can bring back
another Assault Blackwing
straight from my graveyard!
Say hey to Sayo
The Rain Hider!
Sohaya The Rain Storm
counts as a Tuner Monster,
'n' that means
I can Synchro Summon again!
Sohaya The Rain Storm
tunes Sayo The Rain Hider!
I Synchro Summon
Assault Blackwing
Raikiri The Rain Shower!
My!
That symphony
of Synchro Summonin'
was certainly somethin'
else, wasn't it, folks?
One more move
and this duel's over!
Since I have
a monster on my field,
Raikiri can destroy
one of your cards!
Your Ultimate Falcon
is finished!
It took a lot of effort
to revive Raikiri.
But it was all for nothing,
'cause Ultimate Falcon's
immune to its special ability!
It's no biggie!
Just like us Commons,
my Blackwings
can call upon their friends
whenever they need help!
What are you plannin' to do?
Oh, you'll see!
Sohaya's super special,
'cause its special ability
activates from my graveyard.
So if I banish one, I can summon
the other one to my field!
And since I used a Blackwing
to summon Raikiri,
it can be treated
as a Tuner Monster.
I'm about to kick
the duel into high gear,
so I'll have Raikiri go ahead
and tune
my Sohaya The Rain Storm!
Get ready to feast your eyes
on a thundering display of power
that will have you shaking
in your duel disk!
I Synchro Summon...
Assault Blackwing
Onimaru The Divine Thunder!
Now, friends, I have
seen some amazin' sights,
but this one certainly
soars above em' all!
I've never seen someone
Synchro Summon so many
times!
He's proved once
an' for all
that folks from the Commons
make for truly dandy
duelists!
Time to take flight!
Onimaru, finish Ultimate Falcon
once and for all!
Onimaru's special ability
will now kick in.
That means
the power of its attack
will increase by 1,000 points
for each Synchro Summon
I made this turn!
With this final attack,
the true power of the Commons
reveals itself!
Thundering Thrash!
Crow soars to victory!
Huh?
(cheering)
(Melissa)
This whole stadium
has been electrified
by Crow's
thunderin' thrashin'!
(cheering)
Thank you!
Crow!
If Crow can overcome
the odds like that,
well, then
all of us Commons can!
(laughing)
Huh?
Our duel may be over, but our
missions have just started.
We each have enemies
to overcome,
and it won't be easy
for either of us.
But after today,
I'll be ready for them!
Hey, Shay!
Stay strong, my friend.
I'm with you guys, too!
I'll never join you, Roget.
Zuzu Boyle
was spotted at the track.
Capture her immediately.
No!
You better
leave Zuzu alone!
Unhand me!
(groaning)
Leave Zuzu alone!
I knew I couldn't trust you,
Roget, you snake!
I won't let you
hurt my friends!
If you do,
then you'll answer to me!
I offered my friendship,
but Yuya rejected me.
What a pity.
I better find Zuzu soon,
before it's too late
for both of us!
(groaning)
Enjoy your stay!